the Melt up is going on right now before
our very eyes and you might ask the
question what's going on we're going to
answer that today you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we're going to look at
what happens with the US the US dollar
and of course the markets in general
when the United States government starts
to hyperinflate their currency I'm going
to explain it all right here right now
first we're going to look at the issues
that are going on then I'm going to talk
to you about what is mathematical and
what cannot be avoided okay so it's
going to be two parts of this video part
one let's begin you're seeing us stocks
have already reversed a third of the
postelection rally oh my goodness you
got to sell sometimes that's the way
this works and you have to expect yeah
that it does go down sometimes this is
part of a normal process that you have
investors you have speculators and
they're taking some off the top that's
what's been going on this is a melt up
okay they call it a melt up I don't
really like that I like it as a
devaluation of the currency but let's
use that term so we can hit those
keywords credit card debt it'sit a
record 1.17
trillion you see what's happening here
more and more debt this is not good debt
supposedly good debt you know people
buying homes 20% down they're diligently
paying that's not what this is this is
credit card debt this is is 20 25 even
30% interest rates insane that's what's
going on here in addition America's
homes are piggy banks that few people
can afford to raid you're seeing people
they're using it as an ATM very
dangerous policy but of course it goes
on all the time Jamie demon says that
Bankers dancing in the streets on the
hope that there's going to be a
loosening of regulations the banker
dancing in the street and it's coming
from him the demon himself self can you
believe that there's all of this okay
I'm going to connect it stick with me
pce inflation slips to 2.1% and will
rise moves closer to the fed's Target I
want to show you that inflation is not
going to come up in the statistics
you're not going to see any of this
because we are moving towards
devaluation why though does it have to
be that way oh we are already already Wy
k OD off the cliff can't be reversed
won't be reversed that was part one part
two I'm going to make it as quick as I
can okay uh and then by the way if
you're wondering where the heck has this
guy been end of the video I'll tell you
okay the long-term consequences of what
we have been seeing all along you know
you can't walk away from that you can't
ignore that and right here you can see
it for yourself government current
expenditures interest payments and this
has
absolutely sky rocketed absolutely
skyrocketed and of course uh you know
you'll hear from one person you hear
from another person oh don't worry it's
manageable is not whatever you say
whatever you want but I can be very
clear about this and intentional about
this that you have a problem when the
government is paying $ 1.4 trillion just
on interest do you not see a problem
with that the expense is bigger than all
of the bombs that are being dropped
around they're bigger than spying on
your phone calls and emails it's bigger
than all of this put together the
interest and the interest gets paid
before you do so the government actually
will pay interest on this nonsense fake
debt that's has been created out of thin
air rather than give you what you need
whether it's Healthcare whether it's
education whether it's your
infrastructure no no no interest okay so
they're going to do that they're not
going to change they're going to say
okay we're done with this interest thing
we're not going to do that we're going
to put it no they're not doing that it's
1.4 trillion and it's getting paid okay
and the bankers are dancing in the
street there already are trust me they
already are okay especially at the
Federal Reserve and so we have a problem
here because if they're paying $1.4
trillion what's going to happen how is
that ever going to get paid back well
that that could be done uh in one way
simply by having these debt auctions
treasury auction Cs and you have an
investor that'll come in and they'll buy
up the US debt and so the the system
could keep moving that's how it works
okay they have an auction all right just
like you would think it's a regular
auction hey who's going to bid on this
who's going to bid on that all right
we're going to offer this 10year note um
and we're going to give you know 5%
interest okay who's going to buy it
raise your hand raise your hand okay
you're going to buy it you're going to
buy it and so on and so forth but what
if like you know they the government
wants to spend a lot of money and
instead of you know let's just make up a
number instead of spending a billion
dollars this month they want to spend $2
billion this month well that's fine as
long as they can have a buyer and you
could see here Monday's auctions were
susceptible to demand shortfalls at $69
billion and $70 billion respectively the
two and 5year note sales are the biggest
of the treasury's monthly fixed
offerings normally held on separate days
and this they're more uh earlier they're
tightly clustered because of the timing
and so on and so you have this idea that
hey wait a minute maybe there's not as
much demand now we have to step back for
a moment here look around the world if
you're an investor and you want fixed
income you can get it from the US you
can get it from Germany you can get it
from Canada you can get it from you know
Egypt whatever you want you can do this
and often times what happens is if you
take a higher risk
well then you can get a better return
you don't know if you're going to get
paid back but for those people that are
using it usually they don't even hold it
to maturity anyway but they're going to
be able to buy those get the return on
them all right if they think that the
bond market is going to do what they you
know as they invest in it basically so
the idea here is if there's too much
debt there won't be enough buyers who
buys the debt in that case long term we
have a problem because there's not
enough investors the Federal Reserve has
to come in or or suddenly The Government
Can drastically be reduced not by not by
a little bit not by a couple trillion
not by a couple trillion my goodness no
it's got to be drastically reduced and
are they going to do that of course not
of course not okay um they you you can
put tariffs on it you can do you know
it's it's like trying to have a a
Band-Aid over a gunshot wound it it's
not going to fix the problem okay so
what can the government do well I would
ask what are you doing for yourself for
your family because the government's not
going to save you you know that's the
truth of the matter you have to invest
appropriately you have to prepare
accordingly if you think there's going
to be no inflation
if you think there isn't going to be
inflation then you would invest that way
but if you believe that we are
encountering a devaluation of the
currency I think it's pretty clear then
you have to deal with it in the way that
to me seems very logical and it's that
if you're making a million dollar well
that million ain't what it used to be it
just ain't what it used to be and so
you've got to be prepared for that take
the actions if you want to know what
what I tell people in you know the
finance Friday please join in for free
this is sponsored by one of the members
of the group I've done this before two
times now people have won I've emailed
them they did not reply you have to
reply to the email that I sent you might
be in your junk mail or something okay
the money GPS isn't exactly uh you know
you know Finding its way through the
spam filters I guess
check for the email okay if you want to
get on by the time you're watching this
video Friday Friday Friday this Friday
if you can make it apply get on in and
learn from me directly okay and I hope
you do Janet won't be there but I hope
you'll get on I'll be able to explain it
in depth two hours on Friday nights okay
so get the giveaway link is in the
description at the top there I want to
see you if you're wondering like what
okay what's this guy doing and what does
it have to do with the with this video
well I saw the writing on the wall many
years ago and I realized I got to do
something else so what have I done
physical products business okay selling
on different platforms I sell all around
the world now at this
point second thing started an um a
business surrounding Google ads so we're
now just at the at the you know the
ground floor of that business um and we
have basically my third thing which is
that building an Amazon app so I learned
how to code as they say and will be
implementing U machine learning into
that app so um it's just the things that
I'm doing so I've been extremely
extremely busy day in and day out every
single day because I'm trying to do what
I think is the right thing okay I'm just
going with what I think is the best who
knows we'll see if it is but I'm trying
to outpace inflation I'm trying to make
money globally I'm trying to earn US
dollar I'm trying to earn you know
British pound I'm I'm one everywhere I'm
even talking to United Arab Emirates to
to be in locally over there I'm I'm all
over the place I'm all over the place
because this world is changing you don't
have to say well you know if I get my
guy in there everything's going to
change and I'm all good don't don't wait
take the action today how many people
are going to watch this video and just
go out n you know what I don't need to
do anything I'm I'm done or I'm going to
go watch the next video video take
action take action if you want to join
the group Great Links are in the
description or the money gps.com
slive if you're not ready just go to the
money gps.com click on Compass when you
go to Compass that's where you're going
to be able to just learn the
fundamentals of finance and economics
the money gps.com
Compass check it out if you want to just
email me anytime you could do so or
contact me uh on X I'm always there at
the money GPS uh I'm active on there you
can see more information about the
things that I'm doing you can message me
through there uh DMS are open or you can
do davidthe money gps.com don't sit
don't wait actually take action do
something different learn new skills I
didn't know how to code I just went for
it Knuckles are bloody and I'm ready for
the fight all right I want to see you
next time don't forget to give that
thumbs up do the giveaway there's so
much okay so much to do don't sleep take
the action I'll see you on the next one
take care